Train Maker is a 2D railway game where you can place tracks, stations, houses, and train cars.
Every 30 seconds the game performs a set of actions which include creating payloads in the
stations that can be picked up by cars and brought to their destination in exchange for a reward.
And a decrease in the available money to pay for the maintenance of tracks, stations and cars.

1- Placing items on the scene:
Before beginning, click on the "grab keyboard" button on the top, this will reroute all your
keyboard signals to the game, to release the keyboard, press the button again, or simply
press the space key on your keyboard.

Now that the game receives all the keyboard inputs, with the arrow keys you will be able to
move the dark semi-transparent square, that acts as a cursor for the scene, you can also
change it's position by double clicking anywhere on the scene. We will refer to this square
as the cursor.
Remember that placing and erasing items on the scene will decrease the money available.
    
Every item, including cars, has a definite keyboard key that tells the scene to place
such item where the cursor is;
    -tracks:
        Z- crossing 
        X- curve
        C- straight
        V- switch OFF
        B- reverse switch OFF
        Cost 10$ Maintenance 1$
        switches can be turned on by right clicking on them
        
    -stations:
        N- places station without payload
        Cost 200$ Maintenance 20$
    -houses:
        M- places random house with random orientation
        Cost 100$
    -cars:
        the first two rows of keys are devoted to the car controls.
        that is the keys:
        QWERTYUI
        ASDFGHJK
        every car is identified by one of these letters.
        if a car does not exist in the whole scene, pressing the relative key will place
        one where the cursor is standing. Unlike the previous items, cars can be picked up
        and replaced with the use of the mouse, this will also delete any eventual payload
        they were carrying.
        Cost 50$ Maintenance 5$
        
2- Rotating, removing items, other keys:
    Shift: Pressing it, will cause the item under the cursor, to rotate 90° clockwise.
    In case the item happens to be a house, it will randomize its aspect.
    
    Canc: (Delete for some keyboards) will cause the item beneath the cursor to be erased.
    Cost 5$
    
    Comma: causes all switch tracks to reset to their original OFF state
    
    Alt:   causes the timer to halt, and the game to pause.
    
    Space: releases the keyboard, returning to the normal state.
    
    Ctrl:  if pressed together with a car key, tells the car to reverse engine
    
3- Controlling cars:
    Once the car we wish to control is placed, we must consider that each car has
    three speed settings
    -1 reverse
     0 still
     1 forward
    the state of each car can be seen on the left of the window, and also be controlled from there.
    The main feature to control cars is the keyboard though, pressing the corrisponding key will
    tell the car to switch one gear onward, while pressing together Ctrl and the car key, will tell the car
    to switch one gear backwards.
    So for each state
    original speed       speed after pressing car key        speed after pressing car key and Ctrl
    -1                      0                                               -1
     0                      1                                               -1
     1                      1                                                0
     
4- The payload system:
    Every 30 seconds the system uses your budget to pay the Maintenance fees for tracks stations and cars.
    It also creates payloads that are placed in the stations, every payload has a destination, the payload
    value, and therefore the reward, are proportional to the number of houses surrounding the sending
    station, and the distance in straight line between the sending, and receiving station.
    Your goal is to stop a car near the sending station, pick up the payload, and guide the car to its
    destination, stop again to unload the payload, and receive the reward which will added to your budget.
    
    Ticking the Self Stop button on top will cause cars to stop automatically when one of these conditions is met:
    -A car carrying a payload is passing next to its destination
    -A car with no payload is passing next to a station with a payload
    
Lay your tracks, build your towns, and have fun!
